---
title: Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
description: Answers to all Frequently asked questions by our users.
tableOfContents: false
---

<details open>

<summary>
<h3 style="display: inline;">What are the key advantages of utilizing this system compared to manual compliance and audit procedures?</h3>
</summary>

Utilizing system-generated evidence presents several significant advantages when
contrasted with manual compliance and audit procedures. Firstly, automation
simplifies the process of data collection, reducing the likelihood of human
error and ensuring precision and uniformity in compliance documentation. This
not only bolsters the reliability of the evidence but also conserves valuable
time and resources previously expended on manual data gathering. Additionally,
system-generated evidence frequently offers real-time monitoring and reporting
capabilities, empowering organizations to promptly detect and address compliance
issues as they emerge, thereby minimizing risks and potential regulatory
penalties. Furthermore, the accessibility and transparency of system-generated
evidence facilitate smoother collaboration among stakeholders, including
auditors and regulatory bodies, fostering a more efficient and compliant
environment. Overall, harnessing automated systems for evidence generation
enhances efficiency, accuracy, and agility in upholding compliance, ultimately
contributing to improved risk management and organizational performance.

</details>

<details>

<summary><h3 style="display: inline;">Which compliance audit reports can I access for viewing and generating to present to my clients?</h3></summary>

Upon completion of the audit, a comprehensive audit report is generated,
encompassing controls, policies, and evidence along with their respective
statuses. This report can be readily shared with your clients.

</details>

<details>

<summary><h3 style="display: inline;">How secure is our data when the agent is installed in our system? What measures do you take to ensure our data's safety and security?</h3></summary>

Ensuring the security of your data is our paramount concern once our agent is
installed on your system.

We enforce stringent access controls, restricting data access solely to
individuals who require it for operational purposes. Our team regularly
undergoes training on security best practices and protocols, and we continually
update and audit our systems to promptly identify and address any
vulnerabilities.

Moreover, we are proud to announce that we are SOC2 compliant, indicating that
our security practices have been independently verified to meet the rigorous
criteria outlined by the SOC2 framework. This compliance underscores our
dedication to upholding the highest standards of security and confidentiality.

</details>

<details>

<summary><h3 style="display: inline;">Is there an automated alert notification system for compliance deadlines? For instance, if we fail to conduct a quarterly or monthly user access review as per our policy, will the system generate an alert?</h3></summary>

Yes, in our pipeline, we anticipate the introduction of an automated alert
notification system for compliance deadlines in the upcoming release. This
system is tailored to handle situations such as overlooking quarterly or monthly
user access reviews as stipulated by policy. It will promptly dispatch alerts to
designated stakeholders, facilitating timely action and compliance adherence.

</details>
<details>

<summary><h3 style="display: inline;">How can we update custom policies in Opsfolio if they differ from the existing ones?</h3></summary>

In Opsfolio, you have the flexibility to update or include custom policies
tailored to your organization's specific needs.

</details>

<details>

<summary><h3 style="display: inline;">Are there any training documents available for the Opsfolio Application?</h3></summary>

Yes, training documents for the Opsfolio Application are readily available.
These documents serve as comprehensive guides to familiarize users with the
application's functionalities, features, and best practices. Whether you're a
beginner looking to navigate the basics or an advanced user seeking to optimize
your workflow, Opsfolio's training documents offer step-by-step instructions,
tutorials, and troubleshooting tips.

</details>
